README.md, before:

# ActiveRecord::Mutex

## Description

This gem provides a Mutex that is based on ActiveRecord's database connection.
(At the moment this only works for Mysql.) It can be used to synchronise
ruby processes (also on different hosts) via the connected database.

## Installation

You can use rubygems to fetch the gem and install it for you:

    # gem install active_record_mutex

You can also put this line into your Rails environment.rb file

    config.gem 'active_record_mutex'

and install the gem via

    $ rake gems:install

## Usage

If you want to synchronize method calls to your model's methods you can easily
do this by passing a mutex instance to ActiveRecord's synchronize class method.
This mutex instance will be named Foo like the ActiveRecord was named:

  class Foo < ActiveRecord::Base
    def foo
    end

    synchronize :foo, :with => :mutex
  end

If you want more control over the mutex and/or give it a special name you can
create Mutex instance like this:

    my_mutex = ActiveRecord::Mutex::Mutex.new(:name => 'my_mutex')

Now you can send all messages directly to the Mutex instance.

## Download

The homepage of this library is located at

* https://github.com/flori/active_record_mutex

## Author

[Florian Frank](mailto:flori@ping.de)

## License

This software is licensed under the GPL (Version 2) license, see the file
COPYING.

Commit message:

Update README.md to reflect current
gem installation method and API changes.

- Removed outdated `config.gem 'active_record_mutex'` line.
- Updated usage example to use `ActiveRecord::DatabaseMutex.for('my_mutex')`.
- Changed synchronization call from `:with => :mutex` to using the custom mutex instance.
- Renamed `ActiveRecord::Mutex::Mutex.new` to `ActiveRecord::DatabaseMutex.for`.

README.md, after:

# ActiveRecord::Mutex

## Description

This gem provides a Mutex that is based on ActiveRecord's database connection.
(At the moment this only works for Mysql.) It can be used to synchronise
ruby processes (also on different hosts) via the connected database.

## Installation

You can use rubygems to fetch the gem and install it for you:

```
# gem install active_record_mutex
```

## Usage

To synchronize on a specific ActiveRecord instance you can do this:

```ruby
class Foo < ActiveRecord::Base
end

foo = Foo.find(666)
foo.mutex.synchronize do
  # Critical section of code here
end
```

If you want more control over the mutex and/or give it a special name you can
create Mutex instance like this:

```ruby
my_mutex = ActiveRecord::DatabaseMutex.for('my_mutex')
```

Now you can send all messages directly to the Mutex instance or use the custom
mutex instance to `synchronize` method calls or other operations:

```ruby
my_mutex.synchronize do
  # Critical section of code here
end
```

## Download

The homepage of this library is located at

* https://github.com/flori/active_record_mutex

## Author

[Florian Frank](mailto:flori@ping.de)

## License

This software is licensed under the GPL (Version 2) license, see the file
COPYING.
